== Instructions For Initial Repo Setup

To clone this repo and getting access to push / pull and so forth run the following command:

$ git clone https://github.com/megazear7/StudyFinder.git

* This will create a directory called StudyFinder.

To get your development enviroment up and running:

$ git pull origin master

$ sudo apt-get install imagemagick # this is a dependency of the paperclip gem

$ bundle install --without production  # there are TWO "-" before the word "without".

$ rake db:migrate

$ rake db:seed

== Instructions On Running a Basic Rails App

 * I.E. how to run this rails app

move into the directory (StudyFinder that is) and then run the following command:

$ rails s

or

$ rails server

 * They're the same command just the first is shortened

After this you can go to "localhost:3000" and see the web app.

As long as it is not broken you should see something (that is whatever we have made our home page to into)

== What I did to do get this far

 * Note: You do not need to do this, but I wanted to explain the initial rails setup that I did.

I created a empty repo on github.

Then I did the following:

$ rails new StudyFinder

$ cd StudyFinder

$ git init

$ git remote add origin https://github.com/megazear7/StudyFinder.git

$ git add .

$ git commit -m "init commit"

$ git push origin master

If you follow the above steps you can easily create a github controlled rails app.

== Linux vs. Windows

 * I used linux for all of this
 * I do not know how to use git on windows, but if you guys are on windows then you are probably figuring it out.
 * I do not know how to use ruby / rails on windows.
 * ... linux :)

If anyone feels like adding anything to this README modify the README.rdoc file in the root directory, following the markup that is already in there, i.e. '*' for bullet points and '==' for big text and whatever else.
